\input texinfo
@setfilename man_math
@settitle C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} school 21
@end copying

@titlepage
@title C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0
@author ajhin
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 2filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

Info about C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0

This mode allows you to calculate the result of a mathematical expression

The control window contains the main buttons for entering numbers and functions.
Standard arithmetic functions include

@itemize @bullet       
      @item addition
      @item subtraction
      @item multiplication
      @item division
      @item modulo division (mod button, % symbol will be placed in the input field)
      @item exponentiation
      @item square root calculation
      @item base 10 logarithm
      @item natural logarithm
@end itemize  

as well as basic trigonometric functions calculated in radians.

@itemize @bullet       
      @item sinus
      @item cosine
      @item tangent
      @item arcsine
      @item arccosine
      @item arc tangent
@end itemize  


To get the result, you must enter an expression and press the "=" button or enter
if the expression is written incompletely or with an error, the calculation will not be performed.
The result of the calculation will be placed in the output window.

The program implements the construction of a graph of a function with one variable.

To place a variable in an expression, press the "X" button

To specify the required X range, you must press the ~ button and specify the desired range of values.

if the expression is written incompletely or with an error, the calculation will not be performed.

The given expression will be placed in the output window.
 The function graph will open in a new window.

@bye
