\input texinfo
@setfilename man_depos
@settitle C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} school 21
@end copying

@titlepage
@title C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0
@author ajhin
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 2filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

Info about C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0 Deposit calculator

This mode allows you to calculate the accrued interest on the deposit,
the amount of tax charged on the profit received from the deposit and the amount on the deposit by the end of the investment period.
The calculation result will be displayed at the bottom of the window in the corresponding area.

For the calculation it is necessary to fill in all the following fields:
@itemize @bullet       
            @item deposit amount
            @item placement period
            @item interest rate
            @item tax rate
@end itemize  

If any field is not filled, the calculation will not be performed.
Fields can have values ​​of 0.

frequency of payments.
This option allows you to choose how often interest will be calculated.

Interest capitalization
This option adds accrued interest to the original account. Subsequent accruals will be calculated based on the updated amount.

It is also possible to take into account additional investments or withdrawals from the account.

To do this, you must click "+" and specify the initial date of opening the deposit.

in the field that appears, you must specify the date, amount and type of operation.

By clicking on "X" you can delete the operation.

Transactions must be listed in chronological order from earliest to latest. 
Otherwise, some inconsistent transactions may be left out.

back<</link
@bye
